Update hubspot-cohort.md (#225)
Amplitude-Developer-Docs/amplitude-dev-center: docs/data/destinations/hubspot-cohort.md

    - [Import HubSpot data](/data/sources/hubspot)

## Considerations

> - This Hubspot <> Amplitude integration supports both Email and Contact ID as a user_id mapping option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This integration supports both Email and Contact ID as a `user_id` mapping option.
```

Reviewer: Is this the Amplitude `user_id`?

Author: Hubspot's user_ID

> - If you choose Email as Hubspot's userID, Amplitude will automatically create a new email address contact in Hubspot if the user doesn't exist in Hubspot but it exist in the Amplitude cohort that you are syncing over. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you choose Email as HubSpot's userID, Amplitude creates a new email address contact in HubSpot if the user doesn't exist in HubSpot but does exist in the Amplitude cohort that you are syncing over. 
```

> - If you choose Contact ID as Hubspot's userID, it must already exist in Hubspot & is required to be in **long** data type format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you choose Contact ID as HubSpot's userID, it must already exist in HubSpot and is required to be in **long** data type format.
```
